The files in the quicklook directory are produced in near real-time using data
telemetered via a TDRSS link, and are available about 10-15 minutes after the
trigger time.   Lightcurves and spacecraft pointing history files are produced
in .gif format and/or combined in pdf files as follows:

glg_lc_all_bnyymmddfff.gif:  12 plots showing count rates between 8 keV and 1
MeV for all 12 NaI detectors, and covering the period from -120 to 450 s from
trigger time = 0.

The data in this and other lightcurves is available at different temporal
resolutions according to the time from t=0.  In this lightcurve, the blue points
are at 1-s resolution, the black at 4-s resolution.

Other temporal ranges, resolutions, energy, and detector selection are available
as follows:

glg_lc_hires12_bnyymmddfff.gif:  a plot showing the highest resolution real-time
data - red is 64 ms, green is 256 ms - from -1 to +2 s from t=0 for the
detectors that triggered on this event (summed) between 10 and 44 keV.

glg_lc_medres12_bnyymmddfff.gif:  a plot showing medium resolution real-time
data (1 s) from -2 to +60 s from t=0 for the detectors that triggered on this
event (summed) between 10 and 44 keV.

glg_lc_lores12_bnyymmddfff.gif:  a plot showing medium (blue = 1 s) and coarse
(black = 4 s) resolution real-time data from -120 to +450 s from t=0 for the
detectors that triggered on this event (summed) between 10 and 44 keV.

glg_lc_hires34_bnyymmddfff.gif:  a plot showing the highest resolution real-time
data - red is 64 ms, green is 256 ms - from -1 to +2 s from t=0 for the
detectors that triggered on this event (summed) between 10 and 44 keV.

glg_lc_medres34_bnyymmddfff.gif:  a plot showing medium resolution real-time
data (1 s) from -2 to +60 s from t=0 for the detectors that triggered on this
event (summed) between 10 and 44 keV.

glg_lc_lores34_bnyymmddfff.gif:  a plot showing medium (blue = 1 s) and coarse
(black = 4 s) resolution real-time data from -120 to +450 s from t=0 for the
detectors that triggered on this event (summed) between 10 and 44 keV.

glg_lc_hires567_bnyymmddfff.gif:  a plot showing the highest resolution
real-time data - red is 64 ms, green is 256 ms - from -1 to +2 s from t=0 for
the detectors that triggered on this event (summed) between 300 and 1000 keV.

glg_lc_medres567_bnyymmddfff.gif:  a plot showing medium resolution real-time
data (1 s) from -2 to +60 s from t=0 for the detectors that triggered on this
event (summed) between 300 and 1000 keV.

glg_lc_lores567_bnyymmddfff.gif:  a plot showing medium (blue = 1 s) and coarse
(black = 4 s) resolution real-time data from -120 to +450 s from t=0 for the
detectors that triggered on this event (summed) between 300 and 1000 keV.

glg_lc_chan12_bnyymmddfff.pdf:  a selection of lightcurves for the trigger
detectors (separately), the BGO detectors, and then each of the NaI detectors in
turn, in the energy range 10-44 keV (NaI) and 150-400 keV (BGO).

glg_lc_chan34_bnyymmddfff.pdf:  a selection of lightcurves for the trigger
detectors (separately), the BGO detectors, and then each of the NaI detectors in
turn, in the energy range 44-300 keV (NaI) and 150-400 keV (BGO).

glg_lc_chan567_bnyymmddfff.pdf:  a selection of lightcurves for the trigger
detectors (separately), the BGO detectors, and then each of the NaI detectors in
turn, in the energy range 300-1000 keV (NaI) and 150-3000 MeV (BGO).

glg_lc_chantot_bnyymmddfff.pdf: a selection of lightcurves for the trigger
detectors (summed) over each of the 8 energy channels, at each of the 3 time
resolutions.  This is followed by the same selection for the 2 BGO detectors
(separately).

glg_lc_tot_bnyymmddfff.pdf: a selection of lightcurves for the trigger detectors
(summed, then separately) and the BGO detectors, between 8 keV and 1000 MeV.
This is followed by the lightcurves over the 3 temporal resolutions for each of
the NaI detectors, summed over the entire 8 keV --- 1000 keV energy range.

glg_lc_zradec_bnyymmddd.gif:   The spacecraft pointing (Z and X-axes) over the
period of the lightcurves, -150 -- 450 s from t=0.

Triggers classified as gamma-ray bursts may also have the following file
available:

glg_lc_bcat_bnyymmddfff_v00.png

These lightcurves show the temporal structure in three energy bands (10 - 50
keV, 50 - 300 keV, and 300 keV - 40 MeV) for the total counts registered in the
NaI detectors (top two plots) and BGO detector used in the catalog analysis of
GBM GRBs in the 1st GBM GRB catalog.  The general catalog analysis and detector
selection are described in Paciesas et al. 2011 and the spectral analysis is
described in Goldstein et al. 2011.  In most cases, the selection is the set of
NaI detectors with source angles less than 60 degrees, and with a view of the
burst that is unobstructed by the LAT, radiators, or other detectors, plus the
closest BGO detector.  In bursts where there are no NaI detectors at small
angles, we select the detectors which triggered on the burst.  Event data (TTE)
are used for all events where the TTE coverage (approximately 20 s pre-trigger
to 300 s post trigger) overlaps the entire t90 period.  The time range and
resolution (16 ms to 1 s) of the plots made with TTE data are determined as a
function of the duration (t90) and t90 start time relative to trigger time of
the GRB.  Lightcurves for longer GRBs, and those which start considerably before
trigger time, are made using CSPEC data, with 4-second resolution pre-trigger
and 1-second resolution thereafter.  The trigger time is shown as a red dashed
line, and the borders of the t90 interval are plotted as turquoise solid lines.

Data products relating to source localization are delivered when the Burst
Advocate analyzes the real-time data and generates a localization.  They are
available only for GRBs and only when GBM has the best localization at the time
of the analysis.  This may later be superseded by a localization from the
Interplanetary Network (IPN) or from another instrument with localization
capabilities.  The localizations are also distributed through Gamma-ray
Coordination Network (GCN) notices.  The products here relate to the uncertainty
associated with these localizations. They contain the same information, in text
and graphic form.

glg_locplot_all_bnyymmddfff.png: the 1, 2, 3 sigma uncertainty contours for the
GRB localization.  The red curves include the systematic error added in
quadrature to the statistical uncertainty based on the team's best knowledge of
the systematic error at the time of the localization.  The black curves show the
statistical uncertainties.

glg_loclist_all_bnyymmddfff.txt: the values that go into the contour plot.   The
chi2 minimum/minima are given as RA, Dec values (J2000) followed by the 1, 2, 3
sigma contours including the systematic uncertainty.  Each set of RA, Dec pairs
is precede by the number of data points, n.  For a localization with a single
minimum (the usual case), this will be 1, followed by the RA, Dec that gives the
lowest chi2 value on the grid of sky points.  Then n1 gives the number of RA,
Dec pairs used to construct the 1 sigma contour, followed by n1 x RA, Dec
values, and so on.
